Luxury King, how dare you?
Are you crazy? I'm the crown prince
The prince is an ordinary person again
Uncle
The nephew was wrong.
Uncle, you have a lot of
Also please
Please stop arguing with your nephew
Stop! I'll let you go!
Uncle means that since he knows his mistake
Why don't you apologize?
Miss Jiang, if you dare not imagine
Be a princess in France
One of the two is pretending to be disabled
So what if one pretends to be smooth?
From Now On
I have no more fruit with the prince
Thank you for setting up our Highness Nanny today
How is Miss Jiang going to thank this king?
Sure enough, he came to me to settle the bill
Miss Jiang, don't be nervous.
Just send this king a minister
What the hell do you want to do?
It is said that the eldest lady of the Jiang family is cowardly
Hard to try
Now it seems
This rumor is really not credible
It is rumored that the regent was disabled in both legs to save the emperor
In the end, you are still fine